# CS340

Writing maintainable code is difficult. It should be readable, testable, and somehow understandable. These are all challenging and suddenly seem overwhelming. It's an undeniable fact that writing maintainable code is complex. Even with a suite of tests, it can be difficult to update your code if you don't understand how it works. Some people have found a pretty interesting perspective that basically shows there is no way to develop good code. According to the model, the requirements may change before the code is complete, so it will take a lot of time to write. I argued that adaptive code should be written so that it can be thrown away if the requirements need to be updated. So flexible code is good code. 
The concepts and principles of database systems are used to build client/server applications. To write a client-side program, we need an interface to the database. The Global Rain project involves software development and bespoke software design. Grazioso Salvare commissioned a project for a cutting edge international animal rescue organization and made it the lead developer. The programmer's responsibilities also include identifying suitable dogs for search and rescue training. There is a need for software that can use data from shelters to classify and identify available dogs. Full-stack development of the program was commissioned by Global Rain, including development of the client-side web application dashboard and  access to databases used by Grazioso Salvare's customers. During this early stage of development, a Python module was created to enable this CRUD functionality in MongoDB and the database. A dashboard should have a user-friendly and straightforward interface that reduces user error and training time.

